*About*

Personal Gentoo installation scripts. They largely contian the commands seen in
https://wiki.gentoo.org/wiki/Quick_Installation_Checklist but with a small numbe
r of shell variables to alter the installation from machine to machine.

Customizations are set as shell variables in a descrete file and can be changed
by editing the file directly. Customizations to =.conf= are achieved by editing
the provided =.conf= files. It is recommended to read all the scripts before usi
ng them to install Gentoo.

Any additional customizations not defined in the scripts can be done by
chrooting (again) into the installation before rebooting.

*What the scripts do*

Assuming disks have been partitoned and mounted, the script performs a minimal
install of Gentoo with System-D, GenKernel and on either ZFS and BTRFS (see
customization) automatically with minimal user input once it is executed.

Similarly, Genkernel is used to both avoid manually configuring the kernel and
to narror the points of failure when booting in the system for the first
time. Once the system has been booted successfully, Genkernel can be replaced
with a customized kernel configuration.

*What the scripts do not do*

They do not automate creating, partioning and mounting filesystems, this can
vary largely depending on the user, it is simpler on both ends to choose manual
partition management. When modifying =custom.sh=, add each filesystem's package
in the =tools= variable to make all chosen filesytems supported on first boot.

*How to get the scritps*

If the iso installer has git, clone the repository at the beginning of the
installation, otherwise clone it onto a USB and then mount it during
installation.

=git clone https://github.com/jholty66/gentoo-insaller=

*How to use the scripts*

Modify =custom.sh=, to suit hardware and customization preferences. Read all of
the scripts (200 lines of code) before installing as they are only used on my
personal computers. cd into the cloned repository. Call:

=sh install.sh=

If the scripts are terminated before chanding root, run =sh bootstrap.sh= to
continue. If the scripts are terminated after changing root, run =sh chrot.sh=
to continue.
